README.md, before:

# Crying Counter

> A JDA bot to reply to specific phrases (e.g. "im crying")

## Table of Contents

- [IDE Setup](#ide-setup)
- [Bot Setup](#bot-setup)
- [Running](#running)
- [Commands](#commands)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## IDE Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Create a `.env` file in the main directory with the following variables:
    - `DISCORD_TOKEN`: The token of the bot
    - `AUTHORIZED_ROLE_ID`: Array of role IDs that are allowed to use the bot (separate by comma)
3. Specify JDK version (Tested on JDK 17/19)
4. Restart IDE

## Bot Setup

1. Go to the [Discord Developer Dashboard](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
2. Register your bot
3. Enable Server Members Intent and Message Content Intent

## Running

      NOTE: We highly recommend using IntelliJ IDEA for development.

1. Create a `resources` directory in `src/main`
2. Go to File -> Project Structure -> Artifacts
3. Create a new JAR from modules with dependencies
    - Select `Bot.java` as the main class
    - Select the newly created `resources` as the directory for `META-INF/MANIFEST.MF`
4. Build artifacts
5. Copy your `.env` file into `out/artifacts/crying_counter_jar`
6. Start your new bot
    - Open terminal, change directories to `out/artifacts/crying_counter_jar`
    - Run the .jar with `java -jar crying-counter.jar`
7. To invite your bot,
   use `https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=$DISCORD_CLIENT_ID&permissions=66560&scope=bot%20applications.commands`
   and replace `$DISCORD_CLIENT_ID` with the bot ID

## Commands

| Command           | Description                |
|-------------------|----------------------------|
| `/trigger new`    | Adds new trigger           |
| `/trigger reset`  | Resets all stored triggers |
| `/trigger list`   | Lists all stored triggers  |
| `/trigger delete` | Deletes specified trigger  |
| `/trigger toggle` | Toggles trigger feature    |

## Documentation

- <a href='https://github.com/DV8FromTheWorld/JDA'>JDA</a>
- <a href='https://github.com/qos-ch/slf4j'>SLF4J</a>
- <a href='https://github.com/cdimascio/dotenv-java'>dotenv Java</a>
- <a href='https://github.com/xdrop/fuzzywuzzy'>fuzzywuzzy</a>

## FAQ

1. **"I can't invite my bot"**

    - Make sure you have the correct permissions (66560)
    - Make sure you have the correct scope (bot%20applications.commands)
    - Make sure you have the correct client ID

2. **"I can't run the bot"**

    - Make sure you have the correct token
    - Make sure you have the correct role IDs
    - Make sure you have the correct JDK version

3. **"How can I get my bot ID?"**

   - Go to Discord Developer Dashboard -> Your bot -> General Information -> Application ID

4. **"Why does the bot not respond to my messages?"**

   - Make sure you have the correct role IDs

5. **"How can I get my role ID?"**

   - Go to your server -> Server Settings -> Roles
   - Right-click on the role you want to get the ID of and select "Copy ID"

## Contributing

1. Create a new branch
2. Make your changes
3. Create a pull request

---

Created with 💖 by **[acmcsuf.com](https://acmcsuf.com) Bot Committee**

Commit message:

Formatting and additional instructions
Replaced -> with →, added FAQ to get bot token, added instruction to format code in Contributing section

README.md, after:

# Crying Counter

> A JDA bot to reply to specific phrases (e.g. "im crying")

## Table of Contents

- [IDE Setup](#ide-setup)
- [Bot Setup](#bot-setup)
- [Running](#running)
- [Commands](#commands)
- [References](#references)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## IDE Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Create a `.env` file in the main directory with the following variables:
    - `DISCORD_TOKEN`: The token of the bot
    - `AUTHORIZED_ROLE_ID`: Array of role IDs that are allowed to use the bot (separate by comma)
3. Specify OpenJDK 19 as the project SDK
4. Download [Maven Code Style]
5. Restart IDE

## Bot Setup

1. Go to the [Discord Developer Dashboard](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
2. Register your bot
3. Enable Server Members Intent and Message Content Intent

## Running

      NOTE: We highly recommend using IntelliJ IDEA for development.

1. Create a `resources` directory in `src/main`
2. Go to File → Project Structure → Artifacts
3. Create a new JAR from modules with dependencies
    - Select `Bot.java` as the main class
    - Select the newly created `resources` as the directory for `META-INF/MANIFEST.MF`
4. Build artifacts
5. Copy your `.env` file into `out/artifacts/crying_counter_jar`
6. Start your new bot
    - Open terminal, change directories to `out/artifacts/crying_counter_jar`
    - Run the .jar with `java -jar crying-counter.jar`
7. To invite your bot,
   use `https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=$DISCORD_CLIENT_ID&permissions=66560&scope=bot%20applications.commands`
   and replace `$DISCORD_CLIENT_ID` with the bot ID

## Commands

| Command           | Description                |
|-------------------|----------------------------|
| `/trigger new`    | Adds new trigger           |
| `/trigger reset`  | Resets all stored triggers |
| `/trigger list`   | Lists all stored triggers  |
| `/trigger delete` | Deletes specified trigger  |
| `/trigger toggle` | Toggles trigger feature    |

## References

- [JDA](https://github.com/DV8FromTheWorld/JDA)
- [SLF4J](https://github.com/qos-ch/slf4j)
- [dotenv Java](https://github.com/cdimascio/dotenv-java)
- [fuzzywuzzy](https://github.com/xdrop/fuzzywuzzy)

## FAQ

1. **"I can't invite my bot"**

    - Make sure you have the correct permissions (66560)
    - Make sure you have the correct scope (bot%20applications.commands)
    - Make sure you have the correct client ID

2. **"I can't run the bot"**

    - Make sure you have the correct token
    - Make sure you have the correct role IDs
    - Make sure you have the correct JDK version

3. **"How do I get my bot ID?"**

    - Go to Discord Developer Dashboard → Your bot → General Information → Application ID

4. **"How do I get my bot token?"**

    - Go to Discord Developer Dashboard → Your bot → Bot → Token → Copy

5. **"Why does the bot not respond to my messages?"**

    - Make sure you have the correct role IDs

6. **"How can I get my role ID?"**

    - Go to your server → Server Settings → Roles
    - Right-click on the role you want to get the ID of and select "Copy ID"

## Contributing

1. Create a new branch
2. Make your changes
    - Make sure Maven is set as the current Code Style Scheme
    - Reformat code with `Ctrl + Alt + L`
3. Create a pull request

---

Created with 💖 by **[acmcsuf.com](https://acmcsuf.com) Bot Committee**
